Add a note about advanced mode (#1255)
home-assistant/hassio-addons: ssh/README.md

Follow these steps to get the add-on installed on your system:

> 0. This addon is only enabled for "Advanced Mode" users. To enable: **Profile** -> **Advanced Mode** 

Reviewer: Please re-number the other items on the list as well.

```suggestion
`1. This addon is only visible to "Advanced Mode" users. To enable advanced mode, go to **Profile** -> and turn on **Advanced Mode**.
```

Reviewer: You've only partly applied my suggestion. Any specific reason?

Author: Sorry wasn't paying attention 😖
